chairman : i would like to remind members that they are now called upon to vote on the question that clause 3 stand part of the bill .
but have members ever heard of the race between the tortoise and the boulder ?
accidents involving vehicle safety airbags
if they indeed support the rule of law , then there is no reason not to support my amendment , because the reason cited by the government when it requested the npcsc to interpret the basic law was that an extraordinary situation called for an extraordinary measure .
it was a star-glittering dark night .
does the administration have any plans to install such facilities for those housing blocks ; if so , what the details are ; and
bolkiah expressed thanks for and warm welcome to president who attended the asia-pacific economic cooperation organization leaders informal meeting and paid his first state visit to brunei at invitation .
i can hardly add anything to this .
but i believe the majority of the hong kong people cannot afford to emigrate , thus for those of us who will stay in hong kong , that should we do in order to ensure that the place we live in will continue to be our happy home ?
but since the establishment of the committee , its members have been criticizing the government for a lack of enthusiasm . having held few meetings , it has therefore achieved limited effects .
joining the wto will increase permitted entry into the quota market , and this means that market competition will intensify , and grain , cotton , beans , and other products that have lost their competitive advantage will be challenged to a certain degree .
the process of democratic development promised to the people of hong kong in 1984 when the joint declaration was concluded and which is believed to be part and parcel of the whole package appeared to have lost its way amidst noises made by china .
mr. ngai shiu-kit as a landlord and a director of a company which is a landlord .
article 35 the people 's bank of china and the business affairs institutions of the commercial banks owned exclusively by the state and authorized by the people 's bank of china should provide the service of verifying the truth and falsehood of the renminbi without asking for compensation .
our education practice over the years has demonstrated that successfully conducting young people 's and students ' ideological education will have a positive guiding effect on their overall quality and on the school 's overall work .
as part of the company 's ongoing programme to adjust services in response to changes in passenger demand and to optimize the use of resources , hongkong and yaumati ferry company limited ( hyf ) submitted the following proposals to the administration in october 1995 :
in march , the bush government announced the expulsion of russian diplomats on a large scale by using the excuse of the hansen espionage case , which led the two countries ' relationship to go down to its lowest point in recent years .
the chief executive and the hksar government should gladly accept criticism and improve their performance . meanwhile , hong kong citizens also have a responsibility to supervise the government , provide more suggestions , and help the government and the chief executive to do a better job .
prospective public housing tenants
we must rectify and regulate the market economic order , so as to sweep away all the hideous social phenomena , and push ahead with the building of socialist spiritual civilization , democracy , and legal system .
although the public have a great demand for housing , the fundamental problem is their ability to buy and this is entirely dependent on hong kong 's future economic prospects .
now if you have voted , that light will be on , but the others will be out .
secretary for security : madam president , i would first reply to the first part of mr lee cheuk-yan 's main question .
when the administration anticipates a large number of applicants for sar passports will be submitted ; and whether it will consider accepting such applications by phases during that period , for the sake of an orderly processing of such applications ?
his open-mindedness has greatly impressed me .
mr james to : madam chairman , i understand that we are scrutinizing the budget rather than having a motion debate today , but if we think that some grants are useless and a waste of money , why should we approve of these grants ?
as reflected by the figures , there are a large number of health worker vacancies which means that health workers have good employment opportunities .
for my part , i still cannot set my mind at rest ; yet at the same time , i cannot think of any particular solution either .
on the other hand , the challenges of our political future is by no means the only factor determining the needs of our youth . urbanisation , economic development , advancement in information technology , are equally significant challenges on the budding generation .
i hereby take this opportunity to extend my heartfelt thanks to mr ronald arculli and other members of the bills committee .
regarding the determination and payment of compensation , we propose that the computation of compensation for occupational deafness should follow the formula for compensating permanent incapacity under the employees ' compensation ordinance .
third , his wisdom . the nomination system contained in his proposed scheme is similar to the nomination system applicable to the selection committee under the basic law .
the statement said that bongo praised the economic community of west african states ' efforts to resolve the regional conflicts . konare hoped that gabon would continue to make unremitting efforts in the realization of peace and national reconciliation in central africa .
in april 1999 , " anti-corruption law concerns you " , a pamphlet for public bodies in the question and answer format , was produced to brief front-line workers on the gist of the anti-corruption legislation as applied to the daily working environment .
in the process of economic globalization , various countries in the world , particularly the vast number of developing countries , are working hard to seek the ways for increasing international cooperation and rejuvenating the economies of their countries .
some consider that this will place an unfair burden on doctors who are the persons performing the operations .
i understand that many smes will store their goods in bonded warehouses , be they general or public ones .
i would like to close with this one thought .
imaginative contouring of the site produces a waterfront park and green oases within the landscape .
for this reason , as i have already said , the government should strengthen its legislative work to give employers more definite regulations to follow so that they cannot fail to take safety measures seriously .
he said , " this will not work , for the inspection team will not come up with any conclusions .
we must avoid this kind of circumstances , writing our gospel by necessity on the scientific arrangement of support resources .
in addition , if honourable colleagues should support such an amendment , it would easily enable the government to use this as an excuse for doing nothing , saying that so doing will create a financial burden on it and so the matter will have to be shelved .
mr. michael cheng : sir , are there sufficient trained kindergarten teachers to meet the demand in the pre-primary sector ?
under such circumstances , it is very obvious that an appeal may only be made on grounds specified in section 20b of the principal ordinance .
the court will then evaluate that evidence and decide how much reliance to place upon it .
this is because the services provided by many construction workers , such as demolition workers , bamboo scaffolding workers , marble masons and glaziers , are required only at certain stages of the construction project .
today , i will focus on the amendment in relation to the social welfare functional constituency to which i belong .
the answer of course is no .
deputy president : mr eric li , do you wish to speak to the amended motion to conclude the debate ?
furthermore , the mtrc has been operating for more than 25 years as a statutory body and we only privatized it last year .
from the tenants ' point of view , if the prices are reasonable , they will be able to purchase their own homes and would be free from future rental increases , double rents or market rentals should their incomes and assets increase substantially .
mmr kennedy wong : in view of the continued growth in the demand for sea , land and air transport as a result of the increasingly close links between hong kong and the mainland following reunification , will the government inform this council :
adjourned accordingly at twenty-two minutes to eleven o ' clock .
in the specific struggles , the us people have already tried the " butcher 's knife " for several times .
hong kong could also lose 1.3 % to 1.8 % in the growth rate of the overall gdp .
academically speaking , hong kong students might have achieved a fairly high standard .
i urge members to support the government 's amendment .
fourth , the principle of upholding the party 's leadership .
young female staff members of the chinese embassy in argentina presented fresh flowers to president jiang zemin and his wife wang yeping .
the sar government has made some achievements by adopting administrative policies seeking to solidify the foundation while at the same time moving forward at an appropriate pace according to basic legal and social realities .
the company , which won special honors in the past , is the focus of attention of hong kong 's media and people .
madam president , the development towards a knowledge-based new economy is an international trend .
for example , they heard that americans liked furniture made of chinese padauk , so they produced chinese padauk furniture in bulk and shipped the products to the united states .
the legal profession is concerned over the use of the phrase " meritorious case " which appears to be yet another form of the merits test .
even in the us upper echelons , quite a number of people criticize bush 's unilateral diplomacy .
the acting chief justice has , under section 133 of the ordinance , made the magistrates ( forms ) ( amendment ) rules .
at the same time , the authorities should also promote general education on media literacy so as to ensure the achievement of the desired result .
we believe that if candidates are allowed to have " easy entry and exit " , more elite members of society will be attracted to join the government , and such elite members may come from the business sector , as well as the academia or the pro-democracy camp .
the absence of any member of the authority from the meeting at which any such proceedings are conducted ;
the government has a policy of not issuing a visa to permit entry for employment to an overseas applicant ( that is the individual , rather than a company ) unless he has a special skill or experience of value which is not readily available in hong kong .
looking back at the contents of this motion , i think that the motion moved by mr lee cheuk-yan this year is more general than the motion last year . contents of a motion similar in nature last year were more specific .
such a schedule can be found , for example , in the prevention of bribery ordinance .
moreover , will the police differentiate tourists according to their nationality ? for instance , if they are japanese tourists , will the police conduct the publicity campaign in their native tongue ?
this agreement was drawn up having regard to the social circumstances during the period of negotiation , that is , around 1991 - 92 .
zhang qiyue said : " general secretary kim chong-il 's visit to china was under discussion for quite some time . his visit was not suddenly decided but an extremely normal thing . "
mr chan wing-chan asked : will the government inform this council whether it can provide a statistical breakdown of hong kong 's population in the " 60 - 64 " and " 65 and over " age groups in 1996 according to the following categories :
as the charter for youth embodies principles rather than specific policies , the problem of inadequate provision of resources within a particular period of time will not arise .
because the majority of chinese businesses have yet to know the necessity of e-business , only a few of them have had their own websites .
when the judge began to read the verdict , barghuti interrupted him and requested to make a statement .
we are aware that some bus companies are against this amendment . however , if franchised bus companies do nothing wrong , there is actually no need for them to be afraid of this amendment to the legislation .
with these remarks , sir , i support the motion .
as i support the tenancy system governing prh to remain unchanged , we would like to amend mr lee wing-tat 's motion .
however , the types of vehicle diesel oil used in china and hong kong are similar in terms of sulphur content .
is it prepared to let workers be exploited ?
however , at present , the cost quoted for a recycled product of this grade is significantly higher than the price at which the government printer is able to purchase comparable non-recycled paper .
at some point , this council has to make the decision against the background of different and diverse opinions .
finally , i suggest that the administration should grant awards to teachers who have shown excellent performance in their jobs by extensively publicizing their teaching approaches and the educational spirit they uphold .
secretary for planning , environment and lands : madam president , if i have your permission to answer a question that is not related to the main question , i can try to answer it .
if the government does not amend the relevant regulations then probably certain elected members will have to give up their urban council seat .
( 2 ) when it was close on 1997 , a lot of tourists yearned to see hong kong before the reunification , fearing that it might not be easy to visit the place afterwards .
mrs selina chow : madam president , the chief executive has been calling for the development of high value-add industries .
mrs selina chow has also mentioned that too many restrictions will affect efficiency but i just cannot see how it can tie in with this .
for the first time , we will be able both to monitor government departments ' performance and targets against their objectives , and to measure their performance against their expenditure .
jiang zemin said that gratifying achievements were made in china-ukraine relations in the 20th century .
mr president , i therefore ask honourable members to support my amendment , which i will move at the committee stage .
sir , i am pleased to support the bill .
the amendments will enable mr swaine to fulfil his role as the deputy president effectively .
after mr leung 's resignation , the immigration department seemed to be subject to even greater pressure from china and it has tightened its restriction on taiwan officials visiting hong kong .
these are the existing rules for the use of vehicles .
